{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1038\cocoasubrtf250
{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww12300\viewh9120\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\ql\qnatural

\f0\fs24 \cf0 AmplioWords is a dictionary application designed to improve your English vocabulary:\
 - Contains definitions for 300,000+ words extracted from Wiktionary.org\
 - Access the dictionary anytime - no internet connection required\
 - When online, use included links to easily look up words in other popular dictionaries\
 - Search history makes it easy to revisit a definition\
\
AmplioWords also includes a flashcard quiz system to help you remember the words you look up:\
- No data entry or flashcard pack downloads\
- Create flashcards by touching definitions on a dictionary page.  Works with external dictionaries\
- SM2 algorithm means pace of learning adjusts as you memorize your cards\
- Sparkline graphs show how your card count and card mastery change over time\
\
Whether you're a native speaker or someone learning English as a foreign language, if you're interested in improving your vocabulary then give AmplioWords a try!\
\
--\
\
AmplioWords is a language learning application designed to improve your English vocabulary.  It combines a dictionary and flashcard quiz system to help you learn new words and 
\b remember
\b0  them.\
\
Our dictionary contains definitions for 300,000+ words extracted from Wiktionary.org, and you can access the dictionary anytime - no internet connection is required.  Also, when you are online, included links make it easy to look up words in other popular dictionaries.\
\
One drawback with some flashcard systems is the work involved in creating flashcards.  We've designed AmplioWords to avoid that.  There is no data entry or flashcard pack downloads.  Instead, you create flashcards by simply touching definitions on a dictionary page.  You can even create flashcards this way with external dictionaries.\
\
The quizzing system in AmplioWords is unique, because you control the content of your quizzes, using the one-touch system mentioned above.  Also, the pace of learning remains flexible, because the system adjusts as your ability to remember words in your card collection improves.\
\
The system also provides simple but useful feedback. Two sparkline graphs display the number of words in your card collection and a grade that represents how well you have learned the words.\
\
Whether you're a native speaker or someone learning English as a foreign language, if you're interested in improving your vocabulary then give AmplioWords a try!\
\
--\
\
AmplioWords is a language learning application aimed at helping people improve their English vocabulary. To this end, we have bundled together a Wiktionary-based dictionary and a learner-centered flashcard quiz system to assist you in learning new words and remembering them.\
\
The system is really easy to use, and requires no data entry or flashcard downloads. Instead, you create cards 'on the fly', by touching definitions that you want help with remembering on a dictionary page.\
\
The flashcard quizzes in AmplioWords use a research-proven method for memorizing the cards you create. The quizzing system is unique, because it allows you to create the content of your quizzes, using the one-touch system mentioned above. Also, the pace of learning remains flexible, because the system adjusts as your ability to remember words in your collection improves or worsens.\
\
The system also provides simple but useful feedback. Two sparkline graphs display the number of words in your card collection and a grade that represents how well you have learned the words.}