{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1038\cocoasubrtf250
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww15260\viewh10640\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\ql\qnatural\pardirnatural

\f0\fs24 \cf0 Dictionary\
- Searching for a word that doesn't exist loads the closest matching word (try searching for 'fgsdfadf'\'85 the dictionary shows you ff.).  It should either load the word that the user typed in, or if the word doesn't exist, notify the user that the word doesn't exist\
- I only tested it on the emulator, but it seems really fast!!\
- in the dictionary page view, viewing a word in an external dictionary when there is no internet connection still adds a record to the history.  Then when I hit back, i get a connection error every time\'85. Should not add external sites to history if retrieving that site wasn't successful because of internet connection problem.\
- Arrows look good!\
\
Review\
- We should disable click responses for list items that have no touch action ('statistics list items, review schedule list item)\
- Some tweaking needs to be done for the sparkling graphs.  The retention score graph starts a little too early.  Also, maybe make the color blue?  It's a little bit hard to recognize that they are sparklines.\
- Maybe call 'Retention Score' -> 'Retention'\
- In review scheduled, what does it mean when the text says 'none scheduled', but there is a number at the right?\
- In schedule, abbreviated month should have a period at the end of the abbreviation, or use the full month name.\
\
Flashcards\
- Toolbar top: Spelling -> Exercise\
- What is the [3/3] count?  Maybe it is counting down? (yes, it is counting down)  I wonder if it should count up?\
\
* Front\
- Change the question to 'What does this word mean?'\
- Flashcard front needs a help button\
\
* Back\
- Help message: Copy android help message?\
- Bottom message:\
** How easy was it to remember? [I forgot, difficult, easy]  Some text tweaking needed here.\
\
* Review debriefing screen\
- 'Congratulation' -> 'Congratulations'.  Maybe 'Congratulations' is a little too strong of a message.  I think we need something a little more casual.  'Good job!', 'You're finished!' \
- Text on the 'Finish Review' button should be changed.   Maybe we don't need the button, because we have the review arrow on the top? Or just change text to 'Finish'\
- How are we calculating the retention score?  It seems different than the score we talked about before.  Seems like it doesn't use the past 3 scores for a card, but only the most recent card.\
\
More \
*Card management\
* should have a confirmation before you delete the card.\
- Need to add license info\
- Add clear search history\
}